docs/user-guide/playbooks/argocd-external-cluster.md, before:

# How to add an external cluster to ArgoCD to manage it

## Goal

Given an ArgoCD installation created with [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) using the [EKS layer](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks-demoapps), add and manage an external Cluster.

### Assumptions

We are assuming the [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) is deployed, two accounts called `shared` and `apps-devstg` were created and a region `us-east-1` is being used. In any case you can adapt these examples to other scenarios.

### Requirements

The target cluster must have [IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) enabled.

If this cluster was created using the [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) [EKS layer](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks-demoapps) this req is met.

Also the VPC for both K8s cluster should be connected. (e.g. VPCPeerings have to be in place between them)

!!! info
    Learn how to create `VPCPeerings` using [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) here.

---

---

## How to

There are a few ways to accomplish this. Here are two of them, you can find more [here](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#clusters).

- IAM Roles
- Bearer tokens

---

### IAM Roles

First we need to understand the how-to do this.

Given this diagram:

![ArgoCD External Cluster](/assets/diagrams/argocd-externalcluster-basic.png)

this workflow shows up:

- ArgoCD deployment, in Kubernetes, has a ServiceAccount
- this ServiceAccount is bound to an IAM Role that we'll call source
- the source Role can assume a second Role taht we'll call target
- the target Role can assume RBAC permissions using the `aws_auth` config map in the target cluster

This way, ArgoCD, from the source cluster, can deploy stuff into the target cluster.

#### Steps

These steps were created to match two EKS clusters, in two AWS accounts, created using [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/).

ArgoCD will be deployed in `shared` account and will be controlling the cluster in `apps-devstg`.

!!! info
    - source account: `shared` 
    - target account: `apps-devstg`

##### Create the source identities

!!! info
    This has to be done in `shared` account.

ArgoCD should be deployed using the `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/k8s-components` layer. 

The identities to be used by ArgoCD have to be updated in the `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/identities` layer.

So, go into this layer and edit the `ids_argocd.tf` file.

Here the ServiceAccount used have to be modified to include all the posibilities in the `argocd` namespace:

```hcl
module "role_argocd_devstg" {
  source = "github.com/binbashar/terraform-aws-iam.git//modules/iam-assumable-role-with-oidc?ref=v5.37.1"

  create_role  = true
  role_name    = "${local.environment}-argocd-devstg"
  provider_url = replace(data.terraform_remote_state.eks-cluster.outputs.cluster_oidc_issuer_url, "https://", "")

  role_policy_arns              = [aws_iam_policy.argocd_devstg.arn]
  oidc_fully_qualified_subjects = ["system:serviceaccount:argocd-devstg:*"]

  tags = local.tags_cluster_autoscaler
}
```

Note all the `argocd` namespace's ServiceAccounts were added to `oidc_fully_qualified_subjects` (because different ArgoCD components use different SAs), and they will be capable of assume the role `${local.environment}-argocd-devstg`. (Since we are working in `shared` the role will be `shared-argocd-devstg`)

This role lives in `shared` account.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    Note this step creates a role and binds it to the in-cluster serviceaccounts.

##### Create the target role and change the `aws_auth` config map

!!! info
    This has to be done in `apps-devstg` account.

###### Create the role

Go into the `apps-devstg/global/base-identities` layer.

In file `roles.tf` add this resource:

```hcl
module "iam_assumable_role_argocd" {
  source = "github.com/binbashar/terraform-aws-iam.git//modules/iam-assumable-role?ref=v4.1.0"

  trusted_role_arns = [
    "arn:aws:iam::${var.accounts.shared.id}:root"
  ]

  create_role = true
  role_name   = "ArgoCD"
  role_path   = "/"

  #
  # MFA setup
  #
  role_requires_mfa    = false
  mfa_age              = 43200 # Maximum CLI/API session duration in seconds between 3600 and 43200
  max_session_duration = 3600  # Max age of valid MFA (in seconds) for roles which require MFA
  custom_role_policy_arns = [
  ]

  tags = local.tags
}
```

Note MFA is deactivated since this is a programatic access role. Also no policies are added since we need to assume it just to access the cluster.
    
Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    This step will add a role that can be assumed from the `shared` account.

###### Update the `aws_auth` config map

cd into layer `apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks/cluster`.

Edit file `locals.tf`, under `map_roles` list add this:

```hcl
    {
      rolearn  = "arn:aws:iam::${var.accounts.apps-devstg.id}:role/ArgoCD"
      username = "ArgoCD"
      groups   = ["system:masters"]
    },
```

You can narrow the access modifying `groups` as per your own needs.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

To recover the the API Server run this:

```shell
APISERVER=$(leverage kubectl config view --minify -o jsonpath='{.clusters[0].cluster.server}' | sed -E '/^\[/d')
```

!!! info
    This step will add the role-k8sgroup binding.
    
##### Create the external cluster in ArgoCD

!!! info
    This has to be done in `shared` account.

In `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/k8s-components` layer modify files `cicd-argocd.tf` and `chart-values/argocd.yaml` and add this to the first one:

```hcl
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## ArgoCD DEVSTG: GitOps + CD
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
resource "helm_release" "argocd_devstg" {
  count      = var.enable_argocd_devstg ? 1 : 0
  name       = "argocd-devstg"
  namespace  = kubernetes_namespace.argocd_devstg[0].id
  repository = "https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm"
  chart      = "argo-cd"
  version    = "6.7.3"
  values = [
    templatefile("chart-values/argocd.yaml", {
      argoHost      = "argocd-devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
      ingressClass  = local.private_ingress_class
      clusterIssuer = local.clusterissuer_vistapath
      roleArn       = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-identities.outputs.argocd_devstg_role_arn
      remoteRoleARN = "role"
      remoteClusterName   = "clustername"
      remoteServer  = "remoteServer"
      remoteName    = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
    }),
    # We are using a different approach here because it is very tricky to render
    # properly the multi-line sshPrivateKey using 'templatefile' function
    yamlencode({
      configs = {
        secret = {
          argocd_devstgServerAdminPassword = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.serverAdminPassword"]
        }
        # Grant Argocd_Devstg access to the infrastructure repo via private SSH key
        repositories = {
          webapp = {
            name          = "webapp"
            project       = "default"
            sshPrivateKey = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.webappRepoDeployKey"]
            type          = "git"
            url           = "git@github.com:VistaPath/webapp.git"
          }
        }
      }
      # Enable SSO via Github
      server = {
        config = {
          url          = "https://argocd_devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
          "dex.config" = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.dexConfig"]
        }
      }
    })
  ]
}
```

Note these lines:

```hcl
      remoteRoleARN = "role"
      remoteClusterName   = "clustername"
      remoteServer  = "remoteServer"
      remoteName    = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
```

Dictionary:

- remoteRoleARN: the role created in `apps-devstg` (target) account
- remoteClusterName: the target cluster name (e.g. "staging")
- remoteServer: the target cluster API URL
- remoteName: the target server name (the ARN)
- remoteClusterCertificate: the target cluster CA Certificate on Base64
    
And this in the second file:

```hcl
configs:
  clusterCredentials:
    - name: ${remoteName}
      server: ${remoteServer}
      labels: {}
      annotations: {}
      namespaces: namespace1,namespace2
      clusterResources: false
      config:
        awsAuthConfig:
          clusterName: ${remoteClusterName}
          roleARN: ${remoteRoleARN}
        tlsClientConfig:
          insecure: false
          caData: ${remoteClusterCertificate}
```

`clusterResources` false is so that ArgoCD is prevented to manage cluster level resources.

`namespaces` scopes the namespaces on which ArgoCD can deploy resources.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    This step will create the external-cluster configuration for ArgoCD.<br />
    Now you can see the cluster in the ArgoCD web UI.
    
---

### Bearer Tokens

This is a simpler (than the previous one) method, but also is less secure.

It uses a bearer token, which should be rotated periodically. (maybe manually or with a custom process)

Given this diagram:

![ArgoCD External Cluster](/assets/diagrams/argocd-externalcluster-token.png)

ArgoCD will call the target cluster directly using the bearer token as authentication.

So, these are the steps:

- create a ServiceAccount and its token in the target cluster
- create the external cluster in the source cluster's ArgoCD

#### Create the ServiceAccount

!!! info
    This has to be done in `apps-devstg` account.

ServiceAccount, Role and Rolebinding are needed to gran access to ArgoCD to the target cluster.

In the target cluster identities layer at `apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks/identities` create a `tf` file and add this:

```hcl
locals {
  # namespaces ArgoCD has to manage
  namespaces = toset(["test"])
}
provider  kubernetes {
    host                   = data.aws_eks_cluster.cluster.endpoint
    cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(data.aws_eks_cluster.cluster.certificate_authority.0.data)
    token                  = data.aws_eks_cluster_auth.cluster.token
}
data "aws_eks_cluster" "cluster" {
  name = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-cluster.outputs.cluster_name
}

data "aws_eks_cluster_auth" "cluster" {
  name = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-cluster.outputs.cluster_name
}

resource "kubernetes_service_account" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    name = "argocd-managed"
    namespace = each.key
  }
}

resource "kubernetes_secret" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    annotations = {
      "kubernetes.io/service-account.name" = kubernetes_service_account.argocd-managed[each.key].metadata.0.name
    }

    generate_name = "argocd-managed-"
    namespace = each.key
  }

  type                           = "kubernetes.io/service-account-token"
  wait_for_service_account_token = true
}

resource "kubernetes_role" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    name      = "argocd-managed-role"
    namespace = each.key
  }

  rule {
   api_groups= ["autoscaling"]
    resources= ["horizontalpodautoscalers"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["policy"]
    resources= ["poddisruptionbudgets"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["rbac.authorization.k8s.io"]
    resources= ["roles"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["networking.istio.io"]
    resources= ["workloadgroups"]
    verbs= ["get", "list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["serviceaccounts"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["persistentvolumeclaims"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["apps"]
    resources= ["replicasets"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["rbac.authorization.k8s.io"]
    resources= ["rolebindings"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["resourcequotas"]
    verbs= ["list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["networking.k8s.io"]
    resources= ["networkpolicies"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["replicationcontrollers"]
    verbs= ["list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["limitranges"]
    verbs= ["list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods"]
    verbs= ["get", "list", "watch", "create", "update", "patch", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["apps"]
    resources= ["deployments"]
    verbs= ["get", "list", "watch", "create", "update", "patch", "delete"]
  }
}

resource "kubernetes_role_binding" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    name      = "${kubernetes_role.argocd-managed[each.key].metadata[0].name}-binding"
    namespace = each.key
  }

  role_ref {
    api_group = "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
    kind      = "Role"
    name      = kubernetes_role.argocd-managed[each.key].metadata[0].name
  }
  subject {
    kind      = "ServiceAccount"
    name      = "argocd-managed"
    namespace = each.key
  }
}
```

!!! info
    This step will create a ServiceAccount, a Role with the needed permissions, the RoleBinding and the secret with the token.<br />
    Also, multiple namespaces can be specified since these permissions are applied in a per namespace basis.

To recover the token and the API Server run this:

```shell
NAMESPACE=test
SECRET=$(leverage kubectl get secret -n ${NAMESPACE} -o jsonpath='{.items[?(@.metadata.generateName==\"argocd-managed-\")].metadata.name}' | sed -E '/^\[/d')
TOKEN=$(leverage kubectl get secret ${SECRET} -n ${NAMESPACE} -o jsonpath='{.data.token}' | sed -E '/^\[/d' | base64 --decode)
APISERVER=$(leverage kubectl config view --minify -o jsonpath='{.clusters[0].cluster.server}' | sed -E '/^\[/d')
```

#### Create the external cluster in ArgoCD

!!! info
    This has to be done in `shared` account.

In `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/k8s-components` layer modify files `cicd-argocd.tf` and `chart-values/argocd.yaml` and add this to the first one:

```hcl
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## ArgoCD DEVSTG: GitOps + CD
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
resource "helm_release" "argocd_devstg" {
  count      = var.enable_argocd_devstg ? 1 : 0
  name       = "argocd-devstg"
  namespace  = kubernetes_namespace.argocd_devstg[0].id
  repository = "https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm"
  chart      = "argo-cd"
  version    = "6.7.3"
  values = [
    templatefile("chart-values/argocd.yaml", {
      argoHost                 = "argocd-devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
      ingressClass             = local.private_ingress_class
      clusterIssuer            = local.clusterissuer_vistapath
      roleArn                  = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-identities.outputs.argocd_devstg_role_arn
      remoteServer             = "remoteServer"
      remoteName               = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
      bearerToken              = "bearerToken"
    }),
    # We are using a different approach here because it is very tricky to render
    # properly the multi-line sshPrivateKey using 'templatefile' function
    yamlencode({
      configs = {
        secret = {
          argocd_devstgServerAdminPassword = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.serverAdminPassword"]
        }
        # Grant Argocd_Devstg access to the infrastructure repo via private SSH key
        repositories = {
          webapp = {
            name          = "webapp"
            project       = "default"
            sshPrivateKey = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.webappRepoDeployKey"]
            type          = "git"
            url           = "git@github.com:VistaPath/webapp.git"
          }
        }
      }
      # Enable SSO via Github
      server = {
        config = {
          url          = "https://argocd_devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
          "dex.config" = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.dexConfig"]
        }
      }
    })
  ]
}
```

Note these lines:

```hcl
      remoteServer  = "remoteServer"
      remoteName    = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
      bearerToken = "bearerToken"
```

Dictionary:

- remoteServer: the target cluster API URL
- remoteName: the target server name (the ARN)
- remoteClusterCertificate: the target cluster CA Certificate on Base64
- bearerToken: the Token generated for the ServiceAccount
    
And this in the second file:

```hcl
configs:
  clusterCredentials:
    - name: ${remoteName}
      server: ${remoteServer}
      labels: {}
      annotations: {}
      namespaces: namespace1,namespace2
      clusterResources: false
      config:
        bearerToken: ${bearerToken}
        tlsClientConfig:
          insecure: false
          caData: ${remoteClusterCertificate}
```

`clusterResources` false is so that ArgoCD is prevented to manage cluster level resources.

`namespaces` scopes the namespaces on which ArgoCD can deploy resources.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    This step will create the external-cluster configuration for ArgoCD.<br />
    Now you can see the cluster in the ArgoCD web UI.

---

## Deploying stuff to the target cluster

To deploy an App to a given cluster, these lines have to be added to the manifest:

```yaml
    spec:
      destination:
        server: "https://kubernetes.default.svc"
        namespace: "appnamespace"
```

Being `spec.destination.server` here the `config.clusterCredentials[*].server` in the ArgoCD's external cluster secret.


---

## References

[ArgoCD documentation](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#eks).

Commit message:

Added general picture to argocd external servers

docs/user-guide/playbooks/argocd-external-cluster.md, after:

# How to add an external cluster to ArgoCD to manage it

## Goal

Given an ArgoCD installation created with [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) using the [EKS layer](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks-demoapps), add and manage an external Cluster.

There can be a single ArgoCD instance for all cluster or multiple instances installed:

![ArgoCD External Cluster](/assets/diagrams/argocd-externalcluster-bigpicture.png)

### Assumptions

We are assuming the [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) is deployed, two accounts called `shared` and `apps-devstg` were created and a region `us-east-1` is being used. In any case you can adapt these examples to other scenarios.

### Requirements

The target cluster must have [IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) enabled.

If this cluster was created using the [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) [EKS layer](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks-demoapps) this req is met.

Also the VPC for both K8s cluster should be connected. (e.g. VPCPeerings have to be in place between them)

!!! info
    Learn how to create `VPCPeerings` using [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/) here.

---

---

## How to

There are a few ways to accomplish this. Here are two of them, you can find more [here](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#clusters).

- IAM Roles
- Bearer tokens

---

### IAM Roles

First we need to understand the how-to do this.

Given this diagram:

![ArgoCD External Cluster](/assets/diagrams/argocd-externalcluster-basic.png)

this workflow shows up:

- ArgoCD deployment, in Kubernetes, has a ServiceAccount
- this ServiceAccount is bound to an IAM Role that we'll call source
- the source Role can assume a second Role taht we'll call target
- the target Role can assume RBAC permissions using the `aws_auth` config map in the target cluster

This way, ArgoCD, from the source cluster, can deploy stuff into the target cluster.

#### Steps

These steps were created to match two EKS clusters, in two AWS accounts, created using [**binbash Leverage**](https://leverage.binbash.co/) [Landing Zone](https://leverage.binbash.co/try-leverage/).

ArgoCD will be deployed in `shared` account and will be controlling the cluster in `apps-devstg`.

!!! info
    - source account: `shared` 
    - target account: `apps-devstg`

##### Create the source identities

!!! info
    This has to be done in `shared` account.

ArgoCD should be deployed using the `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/k8s-components` layer. 

The identities to be used by ArgoCD have to be updated in the `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/identities` layer.

So, go into this layer and edit the `ids_argocd.tf` file.

Here the ServiceAccount used have to be modified to include all the posibilities in the `argocd` namespace:

```hcl
module "role_argocd_devstg" {
  source = "github.com/binbashar/terraform-aws-iam.git//modules/iam-assumable-role-with-oidc?ref=v5.37.1"

  create_role  = true
  role_name    = "${local.environment}-argocd-devstg"
  provider_url = replace(data.terraform_remote_state.eks-cluster.outputs.cluster_oidc_issuer_url, "https://", "")

  role_policy_arns              = [aws_iam_policy.argocd_devstg.arn]
  oidc_fully_qualified_subjects = ["system:serviceaccount:argocd-devstg:*"]

  tags = local.tags_cluster_autoscaler
}
```

Note all the `argocd` namespace's ServiceAccounts were added to `oidc_fully_qualified_subjects` (because different ArgoCD components use different SAs), and they will be capable of assume the role `${local.environment}-argocd-devstg`. (Since we are working in `shared` the role will be `shared-argocd-devstg`)

This role lives in `shared` account.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    Note this step creates a role and binds it to the in-cluster serviceaccounts.

##### Create the target role and change the `aws_auth` config map

!!! info
    This has to be done in `apps-devstg` account.

###### Create the role

Go into the `apps-devstg/global/base-identities` layer.

In file `roles.tf` add this resource:

```hcl
module "iam_assumable_role_argocd" {
  source = "github.com/binbashar/terraform-aws-iam.git//modules/iam-assumable-role?ref=v4.1.0"

  trusted_role_arns = [
    "arn:aws:iam::${var.accounts.shared.id}:root"
  ]

  create_role = true
  role_name   = "ArgoCD"
  role_path   = "/"

  #
  # MFA setup
  #
  role_requires_mfa    = false
  mfa_age              = 43200 # Maximum CLI/API session duration in seconds between 3600 and 43200
  max_session_duration = 3600  # Max age of valid MFA (in seconds) for roles which require MFA
  custom_role_policy_arns = [
  ]

  tags = local.tags
}
```

Note MFA is deactivated since this is a programatic access role. Also no policies are added since we need to assume it just to access the cluster.
    
Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    This step will add a role that can be assumed from the `shared` account.

###### Update the `aws_auth` config map

cd into layer `apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks/cluster`.

Edit file `locals.tf`, under `map_roles` list add this:

```hcl
    {
      rolearn  = "arn:aws:iam::${var.accounts.apps-devstg.id}:role/ArgoCD"
      username = "ArgoCD"
      groups   = ["system:masters"]
    },
```

You can narrow the access modifying `groups` as per your own needs.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

To recover the the API Server run this:

```shell
APISERVER=$(leverage kubectl config view --minify -o jsonpath='{.clusters[0].cluster.server}' | sed -E '/^\[/d')
```

!!! info
    This step will add the role-k8sgroup binding.
    
##### Create the external cluster in ArgoCD

!!! info
    This has to be done in `shared` account.

In `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/k8s-components` layer modify files `cicd-argocd.tf` and `chart-values/argocd.yaml` and add this to the first one:

```hcl
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## ArgoCD DEVSTG: GitOps + CD
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
resource "helm_release" "argocd_devstg" {
  count      = var.enable_argocd_devstg ? 1 : 0
  name       = "argocd-devstg"
  namespace  = kubernetes_namespace.argocd_devstg[0].id
  repository = "https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm"
  chart      = "argo-cd"
  version    = "6.7.3"
  values = [
    templatefile("chart-values/argocd.yaml", {
      argoHost      = "argocd-devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
      ingressClass  = local.private_ingress_class
      clusterIssuer = local.clusterissuer_vistapath
      roleArn       = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-identities.outputs.argocd_devstg_role_arn
      remoteRoleARN = "role"
      remoteClusterName   = "clustername"
      remoteServer  = "remoteServer"
      remoteName    = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
    }),
    # We are using a different approach here because it is very tricky to render
    # properly the multi-line sshPrivateKey using 'templatefile' function
    yamlencode({
      configs = {
        secret = {
          argocd_devstgServerAdminPassword = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.serverAdminPassword"]
        }
        # Grant Argocd_Devstg access to the infrastructure repo via private SSH key
        repositories = {
          webapp = {
            name          = "webapp"
            project       = "default"
            sshPrivateKey = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.webappRepoDeployKey"]
            type          = "git"
            url           = "git@github.com:VistaPath/webapp.git"
          }
        }
      }
      # Enable SSO via Github
      server = {
        config = {
          url          = "https://argocd_devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
          "dex.config" = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.dexConfig"]
        }
      }
    })
  ]
}
```

Note these lines:

```hcl
      remoteRoleARN = "role"
      remoteClusterName   = "clustername"
      remoteServer  = "remoteServer"
      remoteName    = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
```

Dictionary:

- remoteRoleARN: the role created in `apps-devstg` (target) account
- remoteClusterName: the target cluster name (e.g. "staging")
- remoteServer: the target cluster API URL
- remoteName: the target server name (the ARN)
- remoteClusterCertificate: the target cluster CA Certificate on Base64
    
And this in the second file:

```hcl
configs:
  clusterCredentials:
    - name: ${remoteName}
      server: ${remoteServer}
      labels: {}
      annotations: {}
      namespaces: namespace1,namespace2
      clusterResources: false
      config:
        awsAuthConfig:
          clusterName: ${remoteClusterName}
          roleARN: ${remoteRoleARN}
        tlsClientConfig:
          insecure: false
          caData: ${remoteClusterCertificate}
```

`clusterResources` false is so that ArgoCD is prevented to manage cluster level resources.

`namespaces` scopes the namespaces on which ArgoCD can deploy resources.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    This step will create the external-cluster configuration for ArgoCD.<br />
    Now you can see the cluster in the ArgoCD web UI.
    
---

### Bearer Tokens

This is a simpler (than the previous one) method, but also is less secure.

It uses a bearer token, which should be rotated periodically. (maybe manually or with a custom process)

Given this diagram:

![ArgoCD External Cluster](/assets/diagrams/argocd-externalcluster-token.png)

ArgoCD will call the target cluster directly using the bearer token as authentication.

So, these are the steps:

- create a ServiceAccount and its token in the target cluster
- create the external cluster in the source cluster's ArgoCD

#### Create the ServiceAccount

!!! info
    This has to be done in `apps-devstg` account.

ServiceAccount, Role and Rolebinding are needed to gran access to ArgoCD to the target cluster.

In the target cluster identities layer at `apps-devstg/us-east-1/k8s-eks/identities` create a `tf` file and add this:

```hcl
locals {
  # namespaces ArgoCD has to manage
  namespaces = toset(["test"])
}
provider  kubernetes {
    host                   = data.aws_eks_cluster.cluster.endpoint
    cluster_ca_certificate = base64decode(data.aws_eks_cluster.cluster.certificate_authority.0.data)
    token                  = data.aws_eks_cluster_auth.cluster.token
}
data "aws_eks_cluster" "cluster" {
  name = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-cluster.outputs.cluster_name
}

data "aws_eks_cluster_auth" "cluster" {
  name = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-cluster.outputs.cluster_name
}

resource "kubernetes_service_account" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    name = "argocd-managed"
    namespace = each.key
  }
}

resource "kubernetes_secret" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    annotations = {
      "kubernetes.io/service-account.name" = kubernetes_service_account.argocd-managed[each.key].metadata.0.name
    }

    generate_name = "argocd-managed-"
    namespace = each.key
  }

  type                           = "kubernetes.io/service-account-token"
  wait_for_service_account_token = true
}

resource "kubernetes_role" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    name      = "argocd-managed-role"
    namespace = each.key
  }

  rule {
   api_groups= ["autoscaling"]
    resources= ["horizontalpodautoscalers"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["policy"]
    resources= ["poddisruptionbudgets"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["rbac.authorization.k8s.io"]
    resources= ["roles"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["networking.istio.io"]
    resources= ["workloadgroups"]
    verbs= ["get", "list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["serviceaccounts"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["persistentvolumeclaims"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["apps"]
    resources= ["replicasets"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["rbac.authorization.k8s.io"]
    resources= ["rolebindings"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["resourcequotas"]
    verbs= ["list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["networking.k8s.io"]
    resources= ["networkpolicies"]
    verbs= ["create", "get", "list", "update", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["replicationcontrollers"]
    verbs= ["list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["limitranges"]
    verbs= ["list"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= [""]
    resources= ["configmaps", "secrets", "pods"]
    verbs= ["get", "list", "watch", "create", "update", "patch", "delete"]
  }
  rule {
   api_groups= ["apps"]
    resources= ["deployments"]
    verbs= ["get", "list", "watch", "create", "update", "patch", "delete"]
  }
}

resource "kubernetes_role_binding" "argocd-managed" {
  for_each = local.namespaces

  metadata {
    name      = "${kubernetes_role.argocd-managed[each.key].metadata[0].name}-binding"
    namespace = each.key
  }

  role_ref {
    api_group = "rbac.authorization.k8s.io"
    kind      = "Role"
    name      = kubernetes_role.argocd-managed[each.key].metadata[0].name
  }
  subject {
    kind      = "ServiceAccount"
    name      = "argocd-managed"
    namespace = each.key
  }
}
```

!!! info
    This step will create a ServiceAccount, a Role with the needed permissions, the RoleBinding and the secret with the token.<br />
    Also, multiple namespaces can be specified since these permissions are applied in a per namespace basis.

To recover the token and the API Server run this:

```shell
NAMESPACE=test
SECRET=$(leverage kubectl get secret -n ${NAMESPACE} -o jsonpath='{.items[?(@.metadata.generateName==\"argocd-managed-\")].metadata.name}' | sed -E '/^\[/d')
TOKEN=$(leverage kubectl get secret ${SECRET} -n ${NAMESPACE} -o jsonpath='{.data.token}' | sed -E '/^\[/d' | base64 --decode)
APISERVER=$(leverage kubectl config view --minify -o jsonpath='{.clusters[0].cluster.server}' | sed -E '/^\[/d')
```

#### Create the external cluster in ArgoCD

!!! info
    This has to be done in `shared` account.

In `shared/us-east-1/k8s-eks/k8s-components` layer modify files `cicd-argocd.tf` and `chart-values/argocd.yaml` and add this to the first one:

```hcl
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## ArgoCD DEVSTG: GitOps + CD
##------------------------------------------------------------------------------
resource "helm_release" "argocd_devstg" {
  count      = var.enable_argocd_devstg ? 1 : 0
  name       = "argocd-devstg"
  namespace  = kubernetes_namespace.argocd_devstg[0].id
  repository = "https://argoproj.github.io/argo-helm"
  chart      = "argo-cd"
  version    = "6.7.3"
  values = [
    templatefile("chart-values/argocd.yaml", {
      argoHost                 = "argocd-devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
      ingressClass             = local.private_ingress_class
      clusterIssuer            = local.clusterissuer_vistapath
      roleArn                  = data.terraform_remote_state.eks-identities.outputs.argocd_devstg_role_arn
      remoteServer             = "remoteServer"
      remoteName               = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
      bearerToken              = "bearerToken"
    }),
    # We are using a different approach here because it is very tricky to render
    # properly the multi-line sshPrivateKey using 'templatefile' function
    yamlencode({
      configs = {
        secret = {
          argocd_devstgServerAdminPassword = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.serverAdminPassword"]
        }
        # Grant Argocd_Devstg access to the infrastructure repo via private SSH key
        repositories = {
          webapp = {
            name          = "webapp"
            project       = "default"
            sshPrivateKey = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.webappRepoDeployKey"]
            type          = "git"
            url           = "git@github.com:VistaPath/webapp.git"
          }
        }
      }
      # Enable SSO via Github
      server = {
        config = {
          url          = "https://argocd_devstg.${local.environment}.${local.private_base_domain}"
          "dex.config" = data.sops_file.secrets.data["argocd_devstg.dexConfig"]
        }
      }
    })
  ]
}
```

Note these lines:

```hcl
      remoteServer  = "remoteServer"
      remoteName    = "remoteName"
      remoteClusterCertificate = "remoteClusterCertificate"
      bearerToken = "bearerToken"
```

Dictionary:

- remoteServer: the target cluster API URL
- remoteName: the target server name (the ARN)
- remoteClusterCertificate: the target cluster CA Certificate on Base64
- bearerToken: the Token generated for the ServiceAccount
    
And this in the second file:

```hcl
configs:
  clusterCredentials:
    - name: ${remoteName}
      server: ${remoteServer}
      labels: {}
      annotations: {}
      namespaces: namespace1,namespace2
      clusterResources: false
      config:
        bearerToken: ${bearerToken}
        tlsClientConfig:
          insecure: false
          caData: ${remoteClusterCertificate}
```

`clusterResources` false is so that ArgoCD is prevented to manage cluster level resources.

`namespaces` scopes the namespaces on which ArgoCD can deploy resources.

Apply the layer:

```shell
leverage tf apply
```

!!! info
    This step will create the external-cluster configuration for ArgoCD.<br />
    Now you can see the cluster in the ArgoCD web UI.

---

## Deploying stuff to the target cluster

To deploy an App to a given cluster, these lines have to be added to the manifest:

```yaml
    spec:
      destination:
        server: "https://kubernetes.default.svc"
        namespace: "appnamespace"
```

Being `spec.destination.server` here the `config.clusterCredentials[*].server` in the ArgoCD's external cluster secret.


---

## References

[ArgoCD documentation](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/operator-manual/declarative-setup/#eks).
