docs/concepts/our-tech-stack.md, before:

# Our Tech Stack
Leverage was built around the [AWS Well Architected Framework](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/) and it uses a stack that includes [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/), [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/), [Helm](https://helm.sh/) and other tools.

We are also adopters and supporters of Kubernetes and the Cloud Native movement, which should become self-evident as you keep exploring our technology stack.

## Why did we choose our tech stack?

??? info "Why AWS❓"
    Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted 
    cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally.
    Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises,
    and leading government agencies—are using AWS to lower costs, become more agile,
    and innovate faster.
    
    Build, Deploy, and Manage Websites, Apps or Processes On AWS' Secure, Reliable Network.
    AWS is Secure, Reliable, Scalable Services. HIPAA Compliant.
    Easily Manage Clusters. Global Infrastructure. Highly Scalable.
    
    :books: **Read More:** [What is AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-aws/)

??? info "Why WAF (Well Architected Framework)❓"
    AWS Well-Architected helps cloud architects to build secure, high-performing, resilient,
    and efficient infrastructure for their applications and workloads. Based on five pillars
    — operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, and cost
    optimization — AWS Well-Architected provides a consistent approach for customers and
    partners to evaluate architectures, and implement designs that can scale over time.
    
    :books: **Read More:** [AWS Well-architected](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected)

??? info "Why Infra as Code (IaC) & Terraform❓"

    - [x] **Confidence:** A change breaks the env? Just roll it back. Still not working?
    Build a whole new env with a few keystrokes. IaC enables this.

    - [x] **Repeatability:** Allows your infra to be automatically instantiated, making it
    easy to build multiple identical envs.

    - [x] **Troubleshooting:** Check source control and see exactly what changed in the env. 
    As long as you are diligent and don’t make manual envs changes, then IaC can be a game
    changer.

    - [x] **DR:** Require the ability to set up an alternate env in a different DC or Region.
    IaC makes this a much more manageable prospect.

    - [x] **Auditability:**
    You will need to be able to audit both changes and access to an env, IaC gives you this
    right out of the box.

    - [x] **Visibility:** As an env expands over time, is challenging to tell what has been
    provisioned. In the #cloud this can be a huge #cost issue. IaC allows tracking your
    resources.

    - [x] **Portability:** Some IaC techs are #multicloud. Also, translating #Terraform from
    one cloud provider to another is considerably more simple than recreating your entire
    envs in a cloud-specific tool.

    - [x] **Security:** See history of changes to your SG rules along with commit messages can
    do wonders for being confident about the security configs of your envs.

    **Terraform** allows to codify your application infrastructure, reduce human error and 
    increase automation by provisioning infrastructure as code.
    With TF we can manage infrastructure across clouds and provision infrastructure 
    across 300+ public clouds and services using a single workflow.
    Moreover it helps to create reproducible infrastructure and provision consistent testing,
    staging, and production environments with the same configuration.

    **Terraform** has everything we expect from a IaC framework: open source, cloud-agnostic
    provisioning tool that supported immutable infrastructure, a declarative language, and
    a client-only architecture.

    :books: **Read More**

    - [Why Infrastructure as Code](https://www.simplethread.com/why-infrastructure-as-code/)
    - [Why Terraform by Gruntwork](https://blog.gruntwork.io/why-we-use-terraform-and-not-chef-puppet-ansible-saltstack-or-cloudformation-7989dad2865c)

??? info "Why Organizations❓"
    AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and govern your environment as you grow
    and scale your AWS resources. Using AWS Organizations, you can programmatically create
    new AWS accounts and allocate resources, group accounts to organize your workflows,
    apply policies to accounts or groups for governance, and simplify billing by using a 
    single payment method for all of your accounts.

    :books: **Read More** 
    
    - [How it works: AWS Organizations](/user-guide/organization/organization/)
    - [AWS Organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/)

??? info "Why IAM and roles❓"
    AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS services
    and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage AWS users and groups,
    and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources.
    
    - Integration and Fine-grained access control with almost every AWS service and
    its resources.
    - Multi-factor authentication for highly privileged users.
    - Analyze, monitor and audit access.

    :books: **Read More** 
    
    - [How it works: AWS IAM](/user-guide/identities/identities/)
    - [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/)

??? info "Security | Why Web Application Firewall (WAF), Cloud Trail, Config, Guarduty❓"
    Raise your security posture with AWS infrastructure and services.
    Using AWS, you will gain the control and confidence you need to securely run your
    business with the most flexible and secure cloud computing environment available today.
    As an AWS customer, you will benefit from AWS data centers and a network architected
    to protect your information, identities, applications, and devices. With AWS, you
    can improve your ability to meet core security and compliance requirements, such as
    data locality, protection, and confidentiality with our comprehensive services and
    features.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Security](/user-guide/security/services/)
    - [AWS Cloud Security](https://aws.amazon.com/security/)

??? info "Why VPC❓"
    Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) is a service that lets you launch AWS
    resources in a logically isolated virtual network that you define. You have complete
    control over your virtual networking environment, including selection of your own IP
    address range, creation of subnets, and configuration of route tables and network
    gateways. You can use both IPv4 and IPv6 for most resources in your virtual private
    cloud, helping to ensure secure and easy access to resources and applications.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Networking](/user-guide/network/vpc-topology)
    - [AWS Virtual Private Cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc)

??? info "Why Kubernetes (K8s) & AWS EKS❓"
    **Kubernetes**, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment,
    scaling, and management of containerized applications.
    It groups containers that make up an application into logical units for easy management
    and discovery. Kubernetes builds upon 15 years of experience of running production
    workloads at Google, combined with best-of-breed ideas and practices from the community.

    **Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)** gives you the flexibility to start,
    run, and scale Kubernetes applications in the AWS cloud or on-premises. Amazon EKS
    helps you provide highly-available and secure clusters and automates key tasks such
    as patching, node provisioning, and updates. Customers such as Intel, Snap, Intuit,
    GoDaddy, and Autodesk trust EKS to run their most sensitive and mission critical
    applications.
    
    **EKS** runs upstream Kubernetes and is certified Kubernetes conformant for a predictable
    experience. You can easily migrate any standard Kubernetes application to EKS without 
    needing to refactor your code.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS EKS](/user-guide/compute/k8s-eks/)
    - [AWS EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks)
    - [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/)

??? info "Why S3❓"
    **Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)** is an object storage service that offers
    industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. 
    This means customers of all sizes and industries can use it to store and protect
    any amount of data for a range of use cases, such as data lakes, websites, mobile
    applications, backup and restore, archive, enterprise applications, IoT devices,
    and big data analytics. Amazon S3 provides easy-to-use management features so you
    can organize your data and configure finely-tuned access controls to meet your
    specific business, organizational, and compliance requirements. Amazon S3 is
    designed for 99.999999999% (11 9's) of durability, and stores data for millions
    of applications for companies all around the world.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Storage](/user-guide/storage/storage)
    - [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3)

??? info "Why RDS❓"
    **Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)** makes it easy to set up, operate,
    and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable
    capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware
    provisioning, database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to focus on your
    applications so you can give them the fast performance, high availability, security
    and compatibility they need.

    Amazon RDS is available on several database instance types - optimized for memory,
    performance or I/O - and provides you with six familiar database engines to choose from,
    including Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle Database, and SQL Server.
    You can use the AWS Database Migration Service to easily migrate or replicate your
    existing databases to Amazon RDS.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Databases](/user-guide/database/database/)
    - [AWS RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds)

??? info "Why Hashicorp Vault❓"
    As many organizations migrate to the public cloud, a major concern has been how to
    best secure data, preventing it from unauthorized access or exfiltration.

    Deploying a product like HashiCorp Vault gives you better control of your sensitive
    credentials and helps you meet cloud security standards.

    HashiCorp Vault is designed to help organizations manage access to secrets and
    transmit them safely within an organization. Secrets are defined as any form of
    sensitive credentials that need to be tightly controlled and monitored and can be
    used to unlock sensitive information. Secrets could be in the form of passwords,
    API keys, SSH keys, RSA tokens, or OTP.

    HashiCorp Vault makes it very easy to control and manage access by providing you
    with a unilateral interface to manage every secret in your infrastructure. Not only 
    that, you can also create detailed audit logs and keep track of who accessed what.
    
    Manage Secrets and Protect Sensitive Data. Secure, store and tightly control access
    to tokens, passwords, certificates, encryption keys for protecting secrets and other
    sensitive data using a UI, CLI, or HTTP API.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: Secrets](/user-guide/secrets/secrets/)
    - [Hashicorp Vault Project](https://www.vaultproject.io/)

Commit message:

Enhancement | Embrace OpenTofu in the docs (#248)
* Replace Terraform references with OpenTofu ones

* Replace Terraform references with OpenTofu ones

* Drop Vault pages

* Minor fixes

* Spelling

* Tofu commands

* Delete temporary file

* Add instructions to craft Terraform docker image

* Remove references to JumpCloud

docs/concepts/our-tech-stack.md, after:

# Our Tech Stack
Leverage was built around the [AWS Well Architected Framework](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/) and it uses a stack that includes [OpenTofu](https://opentofu.org/)/[Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform), [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/), [Helm](https://helm.sh/) and other tools.

We are also adopters and supporters of Kubernetes and the Cloud Native movement, which should become self-evident as you keep exploring our technology stack.

## Why did we choose our tech stack?

??? info "Why AWS❓"
    Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted 
    cloud platform, offering over 200 fully featured services from data centers globally.
    Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises,
    and leading government agencies—are using AWS to lower costs, become more agile,
    and innovate faster.

    Build, Deploy, and Manage Websites, Apps or Processes On AWS' Secure, Reliable Network.
    AWS is Secure, Reliable, Scalable Services. HIPAA Compliant.
    Easily Manage Clusters. Global Infrastructure. Highly Scalable.

    :books: **Read More:** [What is AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-aws/)

??? info "Why WAF (Well Architected Framework)❓"
    AWS Well-Architected helps cloud architects to build secure, high-performing, resilient,
    and efficient infrastructure for their applications and workloads. Based on five pillars
    — operational excellence, security, reliability, performance efficiency, and cost
    optimization — AWS Well-Architected provides a consistent approach for customers and
    partners to evaluate architectures, and implement designs that can scale over time.

    :books: **Read More:** [AWS Well-architected](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected)

??? info "Why Infra as Code (IaC) & OpenTofu/Terraform❓"

    - [x] **Confidence:** A change breaks the env? Just roll it back. Still not working?
    Build a whole new env with a few keystrokes. IaC enables this.

    - [x] **Repeatability:** Allows your infra to be automatically instantiated, making it
    easy to build multiple identical envs.

    - [x] **Troubleshooting:** Check source control and see exactly what changed in the env. 
    As long as you are diligent and don’t make manual envs changes, then IaC can be a game
    changer.

    - [x] **DR:** Require the ability to set up an alternate env in a different DC or Region.
    IaC makes this a much more manageable prospect.

    - [x] **Auditability:**
    You will need to be able to audit both changes and access to an env, IaC gives you this
    right out of the box.

    - [x] **Visibility:** As an env expands over time, is challenging to tell what has been
    provisioned. In the #cloud this can be a huge #cost issue. IaC allows tracking your
    resources.

    - [x] **Portability:** Some IaC techs are #multicloud. Also, translating #OpenTofu/Terraform
    from one cloud provider to another is considerably more simple than recreating your entire
    envs in a cloud-specific tool.

    - [x] **Security:** See history of changes to your SG rules along with commit messages can
    do wonders for being confident about the security configs of your envs.

    **OpenTofu/Terraform** allows to codify your application infrastructure, reduce human error
    and increase automation by provisioning infrastructure as code.
    With Tofu we can manage infrastructure across clouds and provision infrastructure 
    across 300+ public clouds and services using a single workflow.
    Moreover it helps to create reproducible infrastructure and provision consistent testing,
    staging, and production environments with the same configuration.

    **OpenTofu/Terraform** has everything we expect from a IaC framework: open source,
    cloud-agnostic provisioning tool that supported immutable infrastructure, a declarative
    language, and a client-only architecture.

    :books: **Read More**

    - [Why Infrastructure as Code](https://www.simplethread.com/why-infrastructure-as-code/)
    - [Why Terraform by Gruntwork](https://blog.gruntwork.io/why-we-use-terraform-and-not-chef-puppet-ansible-saltstack-or-cloudformation-7989dad2865c) (most of the points made in the article also apply to OpenTofu)

??? info "Why Organizations❓"
    AWS Organizations helps you centrally manage and govern your environment as you grow
    and scale your AWS resources. Using AWS Organizations, you can programmatically create
    new AWS accounts and allocate resources, group accounts to organize your workflows,
    apply policies to accounts or groups for governance, and simplify billing by using a 
    single payment method for all of your accounts.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Organizations](/user-guide/organization/organization/)
    - [AWS Organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/)

??? info "Why IAM and roles❓"
    AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS services
    and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage AWS users and groups,
    and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources.

    - Integration and Fine-grained access control with almost every AWS service and
    its resources.
    - Multi-factor authentication for highly privileged users.
    - Analyze, monitor and audit access.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS IAM](/user-guide/identities/identities/)
    - [AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)](https://aws.amazon.com/iam/)

??? info "Security | Why Web Application Firewall (WAF), CloudTrail, Config, GuardDuty❓"
    Raise your security posture with AWS infrastructure and services.
    Using AWS, you will gain the control and confidence you need to securely run your
    business with the most flexible and secure cloud computing environment available today.
    As an AWS customer, you will benefit from AWS data centers and a network architected
    to protect your information, identities, applications, and devices. With AWS, you
    can improve your ability to meet core security and compliance requirements, such as
    data locality, protection, and confidentiality with our comprehensive services and
    features.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Security](/user-guide/security/services/)
    - [AWS Cloud Security](https://aws.amazon.com/security/)

??? info "Why VPC❓"
    Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) is a service that lets you launch AWS
    resources in a logically isolated virtual network that you define. You have complete
    control over your virtual networking environment, including selection of your own IP
    address range, creation of subnets, and configuration of route tables and network
    gateways. You can use both IPv4 and IPv6 for most resources in your virtual private
    cloud, helping to ensure secure and easy access to resources and applications.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Networking](/user-guide/network/vpc-topology)
    - [AWS Virtual Private Cloud](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc)

??? info "Why Kubernetes (K8s) & AWS EKS❓"
    **Kubernetes**, also known as K8s, is an open-source system for automating deployment,
    scaling, and management of containerized applications.
    It groups containers that make up an application into logical units for easy management
    and discovery. Kubernetes builds upon 15 years of experience of running production
    workloads at Google, combined with best-of-breed ideas and practices from the community.

    **Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)** gives you the flexibility to start,
    run, and scale Kubernetes applications in the AWS cloud or on-premises. Amazon EKS
    helps you provide highly-available and secure clusters and automates key tasks such
    as patching, node provisioning, and updates. Customers such as Intel, Snap, Intuit,
    GoDaddy, and Autodesk trust EKS to run their most sensitive and mission critical
    applications.

    **EKS** runs upstream Kubernetes and is certified Kubernetes conformant for a predictable
    experience. You can easily migrate any standard Kubernetes application to EKS without 
    needing to refactor your code.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS EKS](/user-guide/compute/k8s-eks/)
    - [AWS EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks)
    - [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/)

??? info "Why S3❓"
    **Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)** is an object storage service that offers
    industry-leading scalability, data availability, security, and performance. 
    This means customers of all sizes and industries can use it to store and protect
    any amount of data for a range of use cases, such as data lakes, websites, mobile
    applications, backup and restore, archive, enterprise applications, IoT devices,
    and big data analytics. Amazon S3 provides easy-to-use management features so you
    can organize your data and configure finely-tuned access controls to meet your
    specific business, organizational, and compliance requirements. Amazon S3 is
    designed for 99.999999999% (11 9's) of durability, and stores data for millions
    of applications for companies all around the world.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Storage](/user-guide/storage/storage)
    - [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3)

??? info "Why RDS❓"
    **Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)** makes it easy to set up, operate,
    and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable
    capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks such as hardware
    provisioning, database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to focus on your
    applications so you can give them the fast performance, high availability, security
    and compatibility they need.

    Amazon RDS is available on several database instance types - optimized for memory,
    performance or I/O - and provides you with six familiar database engines to choose from,
    including Amazon Aurora, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle Database, and SQL Server.
    You can use the AWS Database Migration Service to easily migrate or replicate your
    existing databases to Amazon RDS.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: AWS Databases](/user-guide/database/database/)
    - [AWS RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds)

??? info "Why Hashicorp Vault❓"
    As many organizations migrate to the public cloud, a major concern has been how to
    best secure data, preventing it from unauthorized access or exfiltration.

    Deploying a product like HashiCorp Vault gives you better control of your sensitive
    credentials and helps you meet cloud security standards.

    HashiCorp Vault is designed to help organizations manage access to secrets and
    transmit them safely within an organization. Secrets are defined as any form of
    sensitive credentials that need to be tightly controlled and monitored and can be
    used to unlock sensitive information. Secrets could be in the form of passwords,
    API keys, SSH keys, RSA tokens, or OTP.

    HashiCorp Vault makes it very easy to control and manage access by providing you
    with a unilateral interface to manage every secret in your infrastructure. Not only 
    that, you can also create detailed audit logs and keep track of who accessed what.

    Manage Secrets and Protect Sensitive Data. Secure, store and tightly control access
    to tokens, passwords, certificates, encryption keys for protecting secrets and other
    sensitive data using a UI, CLI, or HTTP API.

    :books: **Read More** 

    - [How it works: Secrets](/user-guide/secrets/secrets/)
    - [Hashicorp Vault Project](https://www.vaultproject.io/)
