docs/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/features/security/audit-cloudtrail.md, before:

# Audit | CloudTrail

## Overview
AWS CloudTrail monitors and records account activity across your AWS infrastructure, 
giving you control over storage, analysis, and remediation actions.

!!! info "AWS CloudTrail overview"
    This service will be configured to enable auditing of all AWS services in all accounts.
    Once enabled, as shown in the below presented figure, CloudTrail will deliver all events 
    from all accounts to the Security account in order to have a centralized way to audit 
    operations on AWS resources.
    Audit events will be available from CloudTrail for 90 days but a longer retention 
    time will be available through a centralized S3 bucket.

<figure markdown>
  ![Cloudtrail Diagram](/assets/images/diagrams/aws-cloudtrail.svg){ width="600" }
    <figcaption style="font-size:15px">
    <b>Figure:</b> AWS CloudTrail components architecture diagram (just as reference).
    (Source: binbash Leverage diagrams, accessed July 6th 2022).
    </figcaption>
</figure>

!!! example "![leverage-tf](/assets/images/logos/terraform.png "Terraform"){: style="width:25px"} IaC Terraform Codebase <>"
    - [x] `binbash-management` account | Audit: Cloudtrail
        - **Code:** [management/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/management/us-east-1/security-audit)
    - [x] `binbash-security` account | Audit: Cloudtrail & S3 Bucket
        - **Code:** [security/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/security/us-east-1/security-audit)
    - [x] `binbash-shared` account | Audit: Cloudtrail
        - **Code:** [shared/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/shared/us-east-1/security-audit)
    - [x] `binbash-apps-devstg` account | Audit: Cloudtrail
        - **Code:** [apps-devstg/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/apps-devstg/us-east-1/security-audit)
    - [x] `binbash-apps-prd` account | Audit: Cloudtrail
        - **Code:** [apps-prd/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/apps-prd/us-east-1/security-audit)
    - [x] `binbash-network` account | Audit: Cloudtrail
        - **Code:** [network/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/network/us-east-1/security-audit)

## Read more
!!! info "AWS reference links"
    Consider the following AWS official links as reference:
    
    * :orange_book: [AWS Cloudtrail Overview](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/)

Commit message:

Add fix for a known Leverage CLI SSH mount error and update CloudTrail section to reflect our latest implementation approach

docs/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/features/security/audit-cloudtrail.md, after:

# Audit | CloudTrail

## Overview
AWS CloudTrail monitors and records account activity across your AWS infrastructure, 
giving you control over storage, analysis, and remediation actions.

<figure markdown>
  ![Cloudtrail Diagram](/assets/images/diagrams/aws-cloudtrail.svg){ width="600" }
    <figcaption style="font-size:15px">
    <b>Figure:</b> CloudTrail Implementation Diagram (only for reference). Keep in mind that there will be only one trail in the Security account.
    (Source: binbash Leverage diagrams, accessed July 6th 2022).
    </figcaption>
</figure>

## How do we implement it?
CloudTrail will be configured to enable auditing of all AWS services in all accounts and all regions.
We start by delegating the administration of CloudTrail to the Security account. Then we create a single multi-region, organizational trail in that account and configure it to push events to a bucket in the same account.

That way, all the accounts of the organization (existing and new), and all regions (currently enabled or enabled in the future), will ship the events to that centralized trail.

The events will be available in CloudTrail's event history for 90 days whereas the S3 bucket will be configured with a longer retention time.

!!! info "Tip"
    The great thing about this setup is that whenever you create new accounts or enable new regions, you won't need to worry about performing additional configuration on CloudTrail.

!!! example "![leverage-tf](/assets/images/logos/terraform.png "Terraform"){: style="width:25px"} IaC Terraform Codebase <>"
    - [x] `binbash-management` account | Cloudtrail Administrator Delegation
        - **Code:** [management/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/management/global/organizations/organization.tf)
    - [x] `binbash-security` account | Cloudtrail Trail & S3 Bucket
        - **Code:** [security/us-east-1/security-audit](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/tree/master/security/us-east-1/security-audit)
    - [x] `binbash-security` account | KMS Customer Managed Key Permissions
        - **Code:** [security/us-east-1/security-keys](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/security/us-east-1/security-keys/kms.tf#L30)

## Read more
!!! info "AWS reference links"
    Consider the following AWS official links as reference:
    
    * :orange_book: [AWS Cloudtrail Overview](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/)
