docs/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration

## Configuration Files
!!! tips "Config files can be found under each `config` folders"
    - :file_folder: **Global config file** 
    [`/config/common.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/config/common.tfvars.example) 
    contains global context TF variables that we inject to TF commands which are used by all sub-directories such as 
    `leverage terraform plan` or `leverage terraform apply` and which cannot be stored in `backend.tfvars` due to TF.
    - :file_folder: **Account config files** 
        - [`backend.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/shared/config/backend.tfvars)
         contains TF variables that are mainly used to configure TF backend but since
         `profile` and `region` are defined there, we also use them to inject those values into other TF commands.
        - [`account.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/shared/config/account.tfvars)
         contains TF variables that are specific to an AWS account.
    - :file_folder: **Global `common-variables.tf` file**
    [`/config/common-variables.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/config/common-variables.tf)
    contains global context TF variables that we symlink to all terraform layers code e.g. [shared/us-east-1/tools-vpn-server/common-variables.tf](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/shared/us-east-1/tools-vpn-server/common-variables.tf).
    - :file_folder: **`build.env` file**
        - By utilizing the [`build.env`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/build.env) capability,
          you can easily change some default behaviors of the CLI. Read more in its dedicated
          ["Override defaults via `build.env` file" section](../leverage-cli/extending-leverage/build.env.md).
          
## Setting credentials for Terraform via AWS profiles
- File `backend.tfvars` will inject the profile name that TF will use to make changes on AWS.
- Such profile is usually one that relies on another profile to assume a role to get access to each corresponding account.
- Please read [the credentials section](./credentials.md) to understand the alternatives supported by Leverage to authenticate with AWS.
- Read the following page leverage doc to understand [how to set up a profile to assume 
a role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-roles.html)

Commit message:

Enhancement | Embrace OpenTofu in the docs (#248)
* Replace Terraform references with OpenTofu ones

* Replace Terraform references with OpenTofu ones

* Drop Vault pages

* Minor fixes

* Spelling

* Tofu commands

* Delete temporary file

* Add instructions to craft Terraform docker image

* Remove references to JumpCloud

docs/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration

## Configuration Files
!!! tips "Config files can be found under each `config` folders"
    - :file_folder: **Global config file** 
    [`/config/common.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/config/common.tfvars.example) 
    contains global context TF variables that we inject to TF commands which are used by all sub-directories such as 
    `leverage tofu plan` or `leverage tofu apply` and which cannot be stored in `backend.tfvars` due to TF.
    - :file_folder: **Account config files** 
        - [`backend.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/shared/config/backend.tfvars)
         contains TF variables that are mainly used to configure TF backend but since
         `profile` and `region` are defined there, we also use them to inject those values into other TF commands.
        - [`account.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/shared/config/account.tfvars)
         contains TF variables that are specific to an AWS account.
    - :file_folder: **Global `common-variables.tf` file**
    [`/config/common-variables.tfvars`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/config/common-variables.tf)
    contains global context TF variables that we symlink to all opentofu layers code e.g. [shared/us-east-1/tools-vpn-server/common-variables.tf](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/shared/us-east-1/tools-vpn-server/common-variables.tf).
    - :file_folder: **`build.env` file**
        - By utilizing the [`build.env`](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws/blob/master/build.env) capability,
          you can easily change some default behaviors of the CLI. Read more in its dedicated
          ["Override defaults via `build.env` file" section](../leverage-cli/extending-leverage/build.env.md).
          
## Setting credentials for OpenTofu via AWS profiles
- File `backend.tfvars` will inject the profile name that TF will use to make changes on AWS.
- Such profile is usually one that relies on another profile to assume a role to get access to each corresponding account.
- Please read [the credentials section](./credentials.md) to understand the alternatives supported by Leverage to authenticate with AWS.
- Read the following page leverage doc to understand [how to set up a profile to assume 
a role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-roles.html)
