docs/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/workflow.md, before:

# Workflow

## Steps 
!!! check "Terraform Workflow"
    1. Make sure you've read and prepared your local development environment following the
    [Overview base-configurations](../index.md) section.
    2. Depending in which Terraform Ref Architecture repo you are working, please review and assure you meet
    all the [terraform aws pre-requisites](./configs.md) or 
    [terraform aws pre-requisites](./dir-structure.md)  
        - [x] [Remote State](tf-state-workflow.md)
        - [x] Configuration files
        - [x] [AWS Profile and credentials](../features/identities/credentials.md)
        - [x] [Vault token secret](../features/identities/credentials-vault.md)
    3. Get into the folder that you need to work with (e.g. `2_identities`)
    4. Run `leverage terraform init`
    5. Make whatever changes you need to make
    6. Run `leverage terraform plan` if you only mean to preview those changes
    7. Run `leverage terraform apply` if you want to review and likely apply those changes

!!! note 
    If desired, at step **#5** you could submit a PR, allowing you and the rest of the team to 
    understand and review what changes would be made to your AWS Cloud Architecture components before executing 
    `leverage terraform apply` (`terraform apply`). This brings the huge benefit of treating changes with a **GitOps** oriented 
    approach, basically as we should treat any other code & infrastructure change, and integrate it with the 
    rest of our tools and practices like CI/CD, in

## Running in Automation
![leverage-aws-terraform](../../assets/images/diagrams/aws-terraform-automation.png "Terraform"){: style="width:350"}
<figcaption style="font-size:15px">Figure: Running terraform with AWS in automation (just as reference).</figcaption>

## Read More

!!! info "Extra resources"
    * :ledger: [Running Terraform in automation](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/development/running-terraform-in-automation)

Commit message:

Issue 152 cli v1.9.0 release update (#141)
* ISSUE-152 Adding documentation to reflect the 1.9.0 release: layers and tfautomv

* ISSUE-152 Adding documentation to reflect the 1.9.0 release: note on S3 keys generation

* ISSUE-152 Added new compatibility matrix

* ISSUE-152 added notes

docs/user-guide/ref-architecture-aws/workflow.md, after:

# Workflow

## Steps 
!!! check "Terraform Workflow"
    1. Make sure you've read and prepared your local development environment following the
    [Overview base-configurations](../index.md) section.
    2. Depending in which Terraform Ref Architecture repo you are working, please review and assure you meet
    all the [terraform aws pre-requisites](./configs.md) or 
    [terraform aws pre-requisites](./dir-structure.md)  
        - [x] [Remote State](tf-state-workflow.md)
        - [x] Configuration files
        - [x] [AWS Profile and credentials](../features/identities/credentials.md)
        - [x] [Vault token secret](../features/identities/credentials-vault.md)
    3. Get into the folder that you need to work with (e.g. `2_identities`)
    4. Run `leverage terraform init`
    5. Make whatever changes you need to make
    6. Run `leverage terraform plan` if you only mean to preview those changes
    7. Run `leverage terraform apply` if you want to review and likely apply those changes

!!! info
    Please note you can make use of the `--layers` parameter to apply Terraform commands to more than one layer. 

    For more information see [here](../leverage-cli/reference/terraform/layers.md)

!!! note 
    If desired, at step **#5** you could submit a PR, allowing you and the rest of the team to 
    understand and review what changes would be made to your AWS Cloud Architecture components before executing 
    `leverage terraform apply` (`terraform apply`). This brings the huge benefit of treating changes with a **GitOps** oriented 
    approach, basically as we should treat any other code & infrastructure change, and integrate it with the 
    rest of our tools and practices like CI/CD, in

## Running in Automation
![leverage-aws-terraform](../../assets/images/diagrams/aws-terraform-automation.png "Terraform"){: style="width:350"}
<figcaption style="font-size:15px">Figure: Running terraform with AWS in automation (just as reference).</figcaption>

## Read More

!!! info "Extra resources"
    * :ledger: [Running Terraform in automation](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/development/running-terraform-in-automation)
