docs/try-leverage/security-and-shared-accounts.md, before:

# Configure the Security and Shared accounts
You should by now be more familiar with the steps required to create and configure the Management account. Now you need to do pretty much the same with two more accounts: Security and Shared. Follow the sections in this page to get started!

!!! info "What are these accounts used for?"
    The **Security** account is intended for operating security services (e.g. GuardDuty, AWS Security Hub, AWS Audit Manager, Amazon Detective, Amazon Inspector, and AWS Config), monitoring AWS accounts, and automating security alerting and response.

    The **Shared Services** account supports the services that multiple applications and teams use to deliver their outcomes. Some examples include VPN servers, monitoring systems, and centralized logs management services.

## Deploy the Security account's layers
The next account to orchestrate is the **security** account.

This account is intended for centralized user management via a IAM roles based cross organization authentication approach. This means that most of the users for your organization will be defined in this account and those users will access the different accounts through this one.

First, go to the `security` directory.
``` bash
cd security
```

### Terraform backend layer
Move into the `us-east-1/base-tf-backend` directory and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init --skip-validation
leverage terraform apply
```
!!! info "More information on [`terraform init`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#init) and [`terraform apply`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#apply)"

Now, to push the local `.tfstate` to the bucket, uncomment the `backend` section for the `terraform` configuration in `security/base-tf-backend/config.tf`
``` terraform
  backend "s3" {
    key = "security/tf-backend/terraform.tfstate"
  }
```

And run again:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
```

When prompted, answer `yes`.

Now you can safely remove the `terraform.tfstate` and `terraform.tfstate.backup` files created during the `apply` step.

### Security layer
The last layer for the `security` account is the security layer. Move into the `us-east-1/security-base` directory and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
leverage terraform apply
```

## Deploy the Shared account's layers
The last account in this deployment is the `shared` account.

Again, this account is intended for managing the infrastructure of shared services and resources such as directory services, DNS, VPN, monitoring tools or centralized logging solutions.

Place yourself in the `shared` directory.
``` bash
cd shared
```

### Terraform backend layer
Move into the `us-east-1/base-tf-backend` directory and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init --skip-validation
leverage terraform apply
```
!!! info "More information on [`terraform init`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#init) and [`terraform apply`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#apply)"

Now, to push the local `.tfstate` to the bucket, uncomment the `backend` section for the `terraform` configuration in `shared/base-tf-backend/config.tf`
``` terraform
  backend "s3" {
    key = "shared/tf-backend/terraform.tfstate"
  }
```

And run a second time:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
```

When prompted, answer `yes`.

Now you can safely remove the `terraform.tfstate` and `terraform.tfstate.backup` files created during the `apply` step.

### Security layer
Next, move into the `us-east-1/security-base` directory:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
leverage terraform apply
```

### Network layer
The last layer should be the network layer, so switch to that `us-east-1/base-network` and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
leverage terraform apply
```

## Next steps
You have now a fully deployed landing zone configuration for the Leverage Reference Architecture for AWS, with its three accounts `management`, `security` and `shared` ready to be used.

Next, you are going to tackle de last steps configuring the credentials for a user to interact with your Leverage project securely.

Commit message:

Full Landing Zone installation  process check (#202)
* Full Landing Zone installation

* Adding new account

docs/try-leverage/security-and-shared-accounts.md, after:

# Configure the Security and Shared accounts
You should by now be more familiar with the steps required to create and configure the Management account. Now you need to do pretty much the same with two more accounts: Security and Shared. Follow the sections in this page to get started!

!!! info "What are these accounts used for?"
    The **Security** account is intended for operating security services (e.g. GuardDuty, AWS Security Hub, AWS Audit Manager, Amazon Detective, Amazon Inspector, and AWS Config), monitoring AWS accounts, and automating security alerting and response.

    The **Shared Services** account supports the services that multiple applications and teams use to deliver their outcomes. Some examples include VPN servers, monitoring systems, and centralized logs management services.

## Deploy the Security account's layers
The next account to orchestrate is the **security** account.

This account is intended for centralized user management via a IAM roles based cross organization authentication approach. This means that most of the users for your organization will be defined in this account and those users will access the different accounts through this one.

First, go to the `security` directory.
``` bash
cd security
```

### Set profile

Since we are using SSO, check in `security/config/backend.tfvars` file the `profile` is set to:

```yaml
profile = "me-security-devops"
```

If it is not, please modify it. Note we are using a sample short project name `me`, use the one you have set.

### Terraform backend layer
Move into the `us-east-1/base-tf-backend` directory and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init --skip-validation
leverage terraform apply
```
!!! info "More information on [`terraform init`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#init) and [`terraform apply`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#apply)"

Now, to push the local `.tfstate` to the bucket, uncomment the `backend` section for the `terraform` configuration in `security/base-tf-backend/config.tf`
``` terraform
  backend "s3" {
    key = "security/tf-backend/terraform.tfstate"
  }
```

And run again:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
```

When prompted, answer `yes`.

Now you can safely remove the `terraform.tfstate` and `terraform.tfstate.backup` files created during the `apply` step.

### Security layer
The last layer for the `security` account is the security layer. Move into the `us-east-1/security-base` directory and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
leverage terraform apply
```

## Deploy the Shared account's layers
The last account in this deployment is the `shared` account.

Again, this account is intended for managing the infrastructure of shared services and resources such as directory services, DNS, VPN, monitoring tools or centralized logging solutions.

Place yourself in the `shared` directory.
``` bash
cd shared
```

### Set profile

Since we are using SSO, check in `shared/config/backend.tfvars` file the `profile` is set to:

```yaml
profile = "me-shared-devops"
```

If it is not, please modify it. Note we are using a sample short project name `me`, use the one you have set.


### Terraform backend layer
Move into the `us-east-1/base-tf-backend` directory and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init --skip-validation
leverage terraform apply
```
!!! info "More information on [`terraform init`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#init) and [`terraform apply`](/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform#apply)"

Now, to push the local `.tfstate` to the bucket, uncomment the `backend` section for the `terraform` configuration in `shared/base-tf-backend/config.tf`
``` terraform
  backend "s3" {
    key = "shared/tf-backend/terraform.tfstate"
  }
```

And run a second time:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
```

When prompted, answer `yes`.

Now you can safely remove the `terraform.tfstate` and `terraform.tfstate.backup` files created during the `apply` step.

### Security layer
Next, move into the `us-east-1/security-base` directory:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
leverage terraform apply
```

### Network layer
The last layer should be the network layer, so switch to that `us-east-1/base-network` and run:
``` bash
leverage terraform init
leverage terraform apply
```

## Next steps
You have now a fully deployed landing zone configuration for the Leverage Reference Architecture for AWS, with its three accounts management, security and shared ready to be used.

Next, you are going to tackle de last steps.
