docs/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/kubectl.md, before:

# Command: `kubectl`

!!! info "Regarding Leverage Toolbox versions"
    To have this feature available, Leverage Toolbox versions `1.2.7-0.1.7` and up, or `1.3.5-0.1.7` and up must be used.

The `kubectl` command is a wrapper for a containerized installation of [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/). It provides the kubectl executable with specific configuration values required by Leverage.

It transparently handles authentication, whether it is Multi-Factor or via Single Sign-On, on behalf of the user in the commands that require it. SSO Authentication takes precedence over MFA when both are active. 

The sub-commands can only be run at **layer** level and will not run anywhere else in the project.
The sub-command `configure` can only be run at an **EKS cluster layer** level. Usually called `cluster`.

The command can also be invoked via its shortened version `kc`.

!!! info "Configuring on first use"
    To start using this command, you must first run `leverage kubectl configure` on a `cluster` layer,
to set up the credentials on the proper config file.

---
## `run`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage kubectl [commands] [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `kubectl`.

All arguments given are passed as received to kubectl. 

**Example:**

```bash
leverage kubectl get pods --namespace monitoring
```

---
## `shell`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage kubectl shell
```

Open a shell into the Kubectl container in the current directory.

---
## `configure`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage kubectl configure
```

Add the cluster from the EKS layer into your kubectl config file.
Equivalent to `aws eks update-kubeconfig ...`.

Commit message:

BBL-599 | Add discover command documentation (#237)
add discover command documentation

docs/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/kubectl.md, after:

# Command: `kubectl`

!!! info "Regarding Leverage Toolbox versions"
    To have this feature available, Leverage Toolbox versions `1.2.7-0.1.7` and up, or `1.3.5-0.1.7` and up must be used.

The `kubectl` command is a wrapper for a containerized installation of [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/). It provides the kubectl executable with specific configuration values required by Leverage.

It transparently handles authentication, whether it is Multi-Factor or via Single Sign-On, on behalf of the user in the commands that require it. SSO Authentication takes precedence over MFA when both are active. 

Some sub-commands can only be run at **layer** level (`discover` is an exception) and will not run anywhere else in the project.
The sub-command `configure` can only be run at an **EKS cluster layer** level. Usually called `cluster`.

The command can also be invoked via its shortened version `kc`.

!!! info "Configuring on first use"
    To start using this command, you must first run `leverage kubectl configure` on a `cluster` layer, to set up the credentials on the proper config file.

!!! info "Discovering clusters"
    You can now run the `discover` command from the root of the project to find and configure all the involved clusters. 

---
## `run`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage kubectl [commands] [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `kubectl`.

All arguments given are passed as received to kubectl. 

**Example:**

```bash
leverage kubectl get pods --namespace monitoring
```

---
## `shell`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage kubectl shell
```

Open a shell into the Kubectl container in the current directory.

---
## `configure`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage kubectl configure
```

Add the cluster from the EKS layer into your kubectl config file.
Equivalent to `aws eks update-kubeconfig ...`.

---
## `discover`

Scans the current directory and its subdirectories for Kubernetes (EKS) cluster metadata files. It then presents a menu to the user to select a cluster, which will be configured in the user's `kubectl` configuration file.

The command searches for files named `metadata.yaml` in the directory tree.

!!! warning "v1.18.0 version of the Reference Architecture is required"
    The metadata files are now autogenerated by the Reference Architecture. If you are using a version of the Reference Architecture prior to v1.18.0, you will need to create the metadata files manually.

This command can be run on any layer or from the root of the project. The current directory is used as the starting point for the search.
