docs/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform.md, before:

# Command: `terraform` | `tf`

The `terraform` command is a wrapper for a containerized installation of Terraform. It provides the Terraform executable with specific configuration values required by Leverage.

It transparently handles authentication, whether it is Multi-Factor or via Single Sign-On, on behalf of the user in the commands that require it. SSO Authentication takes precedence over MFA when both are active. 

Some commands can only be run at **layer** level and will not run anywhere else in the project.

The command can also be invoked via its shortened version `tf`.

---
## `init`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform init [option] [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform init`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level.

[Layout validation](#validate-layout) is performed before actually initializing Terraform unless explicitly indicated against via the `--skip-validation` flag. 

### Options
* `--skip-validation`: Skips layout validation.


---
## `plan`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform plan [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform plan`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level.

---
## `apply`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform apply [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform apply`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level.

---
## `destroy`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform destroy [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform destroy`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level.

---
## `output`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform output [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform output`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level.

---
## `version`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform version
```

Equivalent to `terraform version`.

Print Terraform version.

---
## `shell`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform shell [option]
```

Open a shell into the Terraform container in the current directory. An authenticated shell can only be opened at **layer** level.

!!! info "[:books: Terraform shell environment documentation](../shell.md)"

### Options
* `--mfa`: Authenticate via MFA upon launching shell.
* `--sso`: Authenticate via SSO upon launching shell.

_Note:_ When `--sso` flag is used, the `--mfa` flag status is ignored.

!!! example "What if I want to run a Terraform command that is not supported by the CLI?"
    One common error you could encounter is `"Error acquiring the state lock"`, where you might need to use `force-unlock`. You can do the following:

    1. `leverage terraform shell --sso`.       
    2.  Then from inside the container: `terraform force-unlock LOCK-ID`.

---
## `format`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform format [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform fmt -recursive`.

Recursively format all files in the architecture to the Terraform code style.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

---
## `validate`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform validate
```

Equivalent to `terraform validate`.

Checks the infrastructure definition's consistency. 

---
## `validate-layout`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform validate-layout
```

Check the Terraform backend configuration in the code definition.

Values checked:

* Environment name in account configuration
* S3 bucket key
* AWS CLI profile name prefix
* S3 Bucket name prefix
* DynamoDB locking table name prefix


---
## `import`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform import ADDRESS ID
```

Equivalent to `terraform import`.

Import the resource with the given ID into the Terraform state at the given ADDRESS. 

Can only be run at **layer** level.

!!! info "zsh globbing"
    Zsh users may need to prepend `noglob` to the import command for it to be recognized correctly, as an alternative, square brackets can be escaped as `\[\]`
    
    **Examples:**
    
    - Opt-1:  `leverage tf import module.s3_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this\[0\] s3-bag-data-bucket` 
    - Opt-2:  `noglob leverage tf import module.s3_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] s3-bag-data-bucket`

Commit message:

Issue 152 cli v1.9.0 release update (#141)
* ISSUE-152 Adding documentation to reflect the 1.9.0 release: layers and tfautomv

* ISSUE-152 Adding documentation to reflect the 1.9.0 release: note on S3 keys generation

* ISSUE-152 Added new compatibility matrix

* ISSUE-152 added notes

docs/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/terraform.md, after:

# Command: `terraform` | `tf`

The `terraform` command is a wrapper for a containerized installation of Terraform. It provides the Terraform executable with specific configuration values required by Leverage.

It transparently handles authentication, whether it is Multi-Factor or via Single Sign-On, on behalf of the user in the commands that require it. SSO Authentication takes precedence over MFA when both are active. 

Some commands can only be run at **layer** level and will not run anywhere else in the project.

The command can also be invoked via its shortened version `tf`.

---
## `init`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform init [option] [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform init`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level if `--layers` is not set, or at **account** or **layers-container-directory** if it is.

[Layout validation](#validate-layout) is performed before actually initializing Terraform unless explicitly indicated against via the `--skip-validation` flag. 

### Options
* `--skip-validation`: Skips layout validation.
* `--layers`: Applies command to layers listed in this option. (see more info [here](./layers))

!!! info "Regarding S3 backend keys"
    If the S3 backend block is set, and no key was defined, Leverage CLI will try to create a new one autoatically and store it in the `config.tf` file. It will be based on the layer path relative to the account.

---
## `plan`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform plan [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform plan`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level if `--layers` is not set, or at **account** or **layers-container-directory** if it is.

### Options
* `--layers`: Applies command to layers listed in this option. (see more info [here](./layers))

---
## `apply`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform apply [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform apply`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level if `--layers` is not set, or at **account** or **layers-container-directory** if it is.

### Options
* `--layers`: Applies command to layers listed in this option. (see more info [here](./layers))

---
## `destroy`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform destroy [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform destroy`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level if `--layers` is not set, or at **account** or **layers-container-directory** if it is.

### Options
* `--layers`: Applies command to layers listed in this option. (see more info [here](./layers))

---
## `output`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform output [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform output`.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

Can only be run at **layer** level if `--layers` is not set, or at **account** or **layers-container-directory** if it is.

### Options
* `--layers`: Applies command to layers listed in this option. (see more info [here](./layers))

---
## `version`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform version
```

Equivalent to `terraform version`.

Print Terraform version.

---
## `shell`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform shell [option]
```

Open a shell into the Terraform container in the current directory. An authenticated shell can only be opened at **layer** level.

!!! info "[:books: Terraform shell environment documentation](../shell.md)"

### Options
* `--mfa`: Authenticate via MFA upon launching shell.
* `--sso`: Authenticate via SSO upon launching shell.

_Note:_ When `--sso` flag is used, the `--mfa` flag status is ignored.

!!! example "What if I want to run a Terraform command that is not supported by the CLI?"
    One common error you could encounter is `"Error acquiring the state lock"`, where you might need to use `force-unlock`. You can do the following:

    1. `leverage terraform shell --sso`.       
    2.  Then from inside the container: `terraform force-unlock LOCK-ID`.

---
## `format`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform format [arguments]
```

Equivalent to `terraform fmt -recursive`.

Recursively format all files in the architecture to the Terraform code style.

All arguments given are passed as received to Terraform.

---
## `validate`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform validate
```

Equivalent to `terraform validate`.

Checks the infrastructure definition's consistency. 

---
## `validate-layout`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform validate-layout
```

Check the Terraform backend configuration in the code definition.

Values checked:

* Environment name in account configuration
* S3 bucket key
* AWS CLI profile name prefix
* S3 Bucket name prefix
* DynamoDB locking table name prefix


---
## `import`

### Usage
``` bash
leverage terraform import ADDRESS ID
```

Equivalent to `terraform import`.

Import the resource with the given ID into the Terraform state at the given ADDRESS. 

Can only be run at **layer** level.

!!! info "zsh globbing"
    Zsh users may need to prepend `noglob` to the import command for it to be recognized correctly, as an alternative, square brackets can be escaped as `\[\]`
    
    **Examples:**
    
    - Opt-1:  `leverage tf import module.s3_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this\[0\] s3-bag-data-bucket` 
    - Opt-2:  `noglob leverage tf import module.s3_bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this[0] s3-bag-data-bucket`
