docs/work-with-us/careers.md, before:

# Careers


## How we work 

!!! info "binbash work culture"

    :star: **Fully Remote**
     
    binbash was founded as a remote-first company. That means you can always work from home, 
    a co-working place, a nice cafe, or wherever else you feel comfortable, and you'll have almost complete control over
    your working hours. 
    _Why "almost"?_ Because depending on the current projects we'll require few hours of overlap between all Leverage
    collaborators for some specific meetings or shared sessions (pair-programming). 
    
    :star: **Distributed Team**
     
    Despite the fact that our collaborators are currently located in 🇦🇷 Argentina,
    🇧🇷 Brazil and 🇺🇾 Uruguay, consider we are currently hiring from most countries in the time zones 
    between :earth_americas: GMT-7 (e.g. California, USA) to :earth_africa: GMT+2 (e.g., Berlin, Germany).

    :star: **We promote life-work balance**
     
    Job burnout is an epidemic 🙆, and we tech workers are especially at risk. So we'll do our best to de-stress 
    our workforce at binbash. In order to achieve this we offer:
    
    - Remote work that lets you control your hours and physical location.
    - Normal working hours (prime-time 9am-5pm GTM-3), in average no more than ~30-40hs per week, and we don't
      work during weekends or your country of residence national holidays.
    - Project management and planning that will take into consideration the time zone of all our team members.
    - A flexible vacation policy where you could take 4 weeks per year away from the keyboard. If more time is needed
      we could always try to arrange it for you. 
    - No ON-CALL rotation. We only offer support contracts with SLAs of responses on prime time business days hours
      exclusively.
    - You will take on big challenges, but the hours are reasonable.
    - Everyone is treated fairly and with respect, but where disagreement and feedback is always welcome.
    - That is welcoming, safe, and inclusive for people of all cultures, genders, and races.


## Leverage Software / DevOps Engineer Profile

!!! info "What You'll Work On (our tech stack) :man_technologist: :woman_technologist: :rocket:"
    - [x] [**Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Library**](/user-guide/infra-as-code-library/overview/)
        
        Create a collection of reusable, tested, production-ready E2E AWS oriented infrastructure modules 
        (e.g., VPC, IAM, Kubernetes, Prometheus, Grafana, EFK, Consul, Vault, Jenkins, etc.) using several tool and 
        languages: *Terraform, Ansible, Helm, Dockerfiles, Python, Bash and Makefiles*.
           
    - [x] [**Reference Architecture**](/user-guide/)
        
        Improve, maintain, extend and update our reference architecture, which has been designed under optimal configs 
        for the most popular modern web and mobile applications needs. Its design is fully based on the 
        [**AWS Well Architected Framework**](https://leverage.binbash.co/support/#aws-well-architected-review).
    
    - [x] **Open Source & Leverage DevOps Tools** 
        
        Contribute to our open source projects to continue building a fundamentally better DevOps experience, including
        our [open source modules](/user-guide/infra-as-code-library/modules-library-by-technology/), 
        [leverage python CLI](https://github.com/binbashar/leverage), 
        [Makefiles Lib](https://github.com/binbashar/le-dev-makefiles) among others.        
    
    - [x] **Document team knowledge**
     
        Get siloed and not yet documented knowledge and extend the [Leverage documentation](https://leverage.binbash.co), such as 
        creating knowledgebase articles, runbooks, and other documentation for the internal team as well as binbash
        Leverage customers.

    - [x] **Customer engineering support**
        
        While participating in business-hours only support rotations, collaborate with customer requests, teach 
        binbash Leverage and DevOps best-practices, help resolve problems, escalate to internal SMEs, and automate and
        document the solutions so that problems are mitigated for future scenarios and users.
    
    - [x] **Role scope and extra points!**
    
        - Responsible for the development, maintenance, support and delivery of binbash Leverage Products.
        - Client side Leverage Reference Architecture solutions implementation, maintenance and support. 
        - Client side cloud solutions & tech management (service delivery and project task management).
        - Bring Leverage recs for re-engineering, bug fixes (issues) report and improvements based on real scenario implementations.
        - Mentoring, KT, PRs and team tech follow up both internally and customer facing.   
        
        binbash is a small, distributed startup, so things are changing all the time, and from time to time we all wear 
        many hats. You should expect to write lot of code, but, depending on your interests, there will also be lot of 
        opportunities to write blog posts, give talks, contribute to open source, go to conferences, talk with customers, 
        do sales calls, think through financial questions, interview candidates, mentor new hires, design products, 
        come up with marketing ideas, discuss strategy, consider legal questions, and all the other tasks that are part
        of working at a small company.
        
!!! important "Nice to have background"

    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You hate repeating and doing the same thing twice and would rather spend the time to 
    automate a problem away than do the same task again.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have strong English communication skills and are comfortable engaging with external 
    customers.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You know how to write code across the stack (_**“Dev”**_) and feel very comfortable with Infra
    as Code ("IaC").
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have experience running production software environments (_**"Ops"**_).
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have a strong background in software engineering and understanding of CI/CD 
    (or you are working hard on it!).
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have a passion for learning new technologies, tools and programming languages.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: Bonus points for a sense of humor, empathy, autonomy and curiosity.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: Note that even if we're concerned with prior experience like AWS, Linux and Terraform, 
    we're more concerned with curiosity about all areas of the Leverage stack and demonstrated ability to learn quickly and go 
    deep when necessary.

Commit message:

Enhancement | Embrace OpenTofu in the docs (#248)
* Replace Terraform references with OpenTofu ones

* Replace Terraform references with OpenTofu ones

* Drop Vault pages

* Minor fixes

* Spelling

* Tofu commands

* Delete temporary file

* Add instructions to craft Terraform docker image

* Remove references to JumpCloud

docs/work-with-us/careers.md, after:

# Careers


## How we work 

!!! info "binbash work culture"

    :star: **Fully Remote**

    binbash was founded as a remote-first company. That means you can always work from home, 
    a co-working place, a nice cafe, or wherever else you feel comfortable, and you'll have almost complete control over
    your working hours. 
    _Why "almost"?_ Because depending on the current projects we'll require few hours of overlap between all Leverage
    collaborators for some specific meetings or shared sessions (pair-programming). 

    :star: **Distributed Team**

    Despite the fact that our collaborators are currently located in 🇦🇷 Argentina,
    🇧🇷 Brazil and 🇺🇾 Uruguay, consider we are currently hiring from most countries in the time zones 
    between :earth_americas: GMT-7 (e.g. California, USA) to :earth_africa: GMT+2 (e.g., Berlin, Germany).

    :star: **We promote life-work balance**

    Job burnout is an epidemic 🙆, and we tech workers are especially at risk. So we'll do our best to de-stress 
    our workforce at binbash. In order to achieve this we offer:

    - Remote work that lets you control your hours and physical location.
    - Normal working hours (prime-time 9am-5pm GTM-3), in average no more than ~30-40hs per week, and we don't
      work during weekends or your country of residence national holidays.
    - Project management and planning that will take into consideration the time zone of all our team members.
    - A flexible vacation policy where you could take 4 weeks per year away from the keyboard. If more time is needed
      we could always try to arrange it for you. 
    - No ON-CALL rotation. We only offer support contracts with SLAs of responses on prime time business days hours
      exclusively.
    - You will take on big challenges, but the hours are reasonable.
    - Everyone is treated fairly and with respect, but where disagreement and feedback is always welcome.
    - That is welcoming, safe, and inclusive for people of all cultures, genders, and races.


## Leverage Software / DevOps Engineer Profile

!!! info "What You'll Work On (our tech stack) :man_technologist: :woman_technologist: :rocket:"
    - [x] [**Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Library**](/user-guide/infra-as-code-library/overview/)

        Create a collection of reusable, tested, production-ready E2E AWS oriented infrastructure modules 
        (e.g., VPC, IAM, Kubernetes, Prometheus, Grafana, EFK, Consul, Vault, Jenkins, etc.) using several tool and 
        languages: *OpenTofu, Terraform, Ansible, Helm, Dockerfiles, Python, Bash and Makefiles*.

    - [x] [**Reference Architecture**](/user-guide/)

        Improve, maintain, extend and update our reference architecture, which has been designed under optimal configs 
        for the most popular modern web and mobile applications needs. Its design is fully based on the 
        [**AWS Well Architected Framework**](https://leverage.binbash.co/support/#aws-well-architected-review).

    - [x] **Open Source & Leverage DevOps Tools** 

        Contribute to our open source projects to continue building a fundamentally better DevOps experience, including
        our [open source modules](/user-guide/infra-as-code-library/modules-library-by-technology/), 
        [leverage python CLI](https://github.com/binbashar/leverage), 
        [Makefiles Lib](https://github.com/binbashar/le-dev-makefiles) among others.        

    - [x] **Document team knowledge**

        Get siloed and not yet documented knowledge and extend the [Leverage documentation](https://leverage.binbash.co), such as 
        creating knowledgebase articles, runbooks, and other documentation for the internal team as well as binbash
        Leverage customers.

    - [x] **Customer engineering support**

        While participating in business-hours only support rotations, collaborate with customer requests, teach 
        binbash Leverage and DevOps best-practices, help resolve problems, escalate to internal SMEs, and automate and
        document the solutions so that problems are mitigated for future scenarios and users.

    - [x] **Role scope and extra points!**

        - Responsible for the development, maintenance, support and delivery of binbash Leverage Products.
        - Client side Leverage Reference Architecture solutions implementation, maintenance and support. 
        - Client side cloud solutions & tech management (service delivery and project task management).
        - Bring Leverage recs for re-engineering, bug fixes (issues) report and improvements based on real scenario implementations.
        - Mentoring, KT, PRs and team tech follow up both internally and customer facing.   

        binbash is a small, distributed startup, so things are changing all the time, and from time to time we all wear 
        many hats. You should expect to write lot of code, but, depending on your interests, there will also be lot of 
        opportunities to write blog posts, give talks, contribute to open source, go to conferences, talk with customers, 
        do sales calls, think through financial questions, interview candidates, mentor new hires, design products, 
        come up with marketing ideas, discuss strategy, consider legal questions, and all the other tasks that are part
        of working at a small company.

!!! important "Nice to have background"

    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You hate repeating and doing the same thing twice and would rather spend the time to 
    automate a problem away than do the same task again.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have strong English communication skills and are comfortable engaging with external 
    customers.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You know how to write code across the stack (_**“Dev”**_) and feel very comfortable with Infra
    as Code ("IaC").
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have experience running production software environments (_**"Ops"**_).
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have a strong background in software engineering and understanding of CI/CD 
    (or you are working hard on it!).
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: You have a passion for learning new technologies, tools and programming languages.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: Bonus points for a sense of humor, empathy, autonomy and curiosity.
    - :heavy_plus_sign: :one: Note that even if we're concerned with prior experience like AWS, Linux, OpenTofu and/or Terraform, 
    we're more concerned with curiosity about all areas of the Leverage stack and demonstrated ability to learn quickly and go 
    deep when necessary.
