docs/welcome.md, before:

---
template: overrides/main.html
---

![binbash-logo](./assets/images/logos/binbash.png "Binbash"){: style="width:250px"}
![binbash-leverage-tf](./assets/images/logos/binbash-leverage.png#right "Leverage"){: style="width:130px"}

# About Leverage

!!! important "What's Leverage?"
    Our focus is on creating reusable, high quality 
    ![leverage-aws](./assets/images/icons/aws-emojipack/General_AWScloud.png "AWS"){: style="width:30px"} 
    Cloud Infrastructure code, such as our
    [**Reference AWS Cloud Solutions Architecture**](how-it-works/index.md) backed by our 
    [**DevOps Automation Code Library**](how-it-works/code-library/code-library.md). Because all the code and modules 
    are already built, we can get you up and running **at least 2x faster** :rocket: than a consulting company 
    (:white_check_mark: *typically in just few months!*) on top of code that is thoroughly documented, tested, and has been proven in 
    production at dozens of other project deployments.

!!! important "Why Leverage?"
    If you implement the **Binbash Leverage Reference AWS Cloud Solutions Architecture** via our **DevOps Automation Code 
    Library** you will get your entire Cloud Native Application Infra in few months. Leverage will solve your
    entire infrastructure and will grant you complete control of the source code, and of course you'll be able to
    run it without us.
     
    *Implement yourself or we implement it for you!* :muscle:
     
!!! important "Core Features"
    - [x] [**DevOps Automation Code Library**](how-it-works/index.md):
        A collection of reusable, tested, production-ready E2E AWS Cloud infrastructure as code solutions, leveraged by
        modules written in: *Terraform, Ansible, Helm charts, Dockerfiles and Makefiles*.

    - [x] [**Reference Architecture**](how-it-works/code-library/code-library.md):
        Designed under optimal configs for the most popular modern web and mobile applications needs.
        Its design is fully based on the 
        [**AWS Well Architected Framework**](https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/support/#aws-well-architected-review).

# Welcome
This is the documentation for the **Leverage Reference Architecture**.

It is built around the [AWS Well Architected Framework](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/)
, using a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/), [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/) and [Helm](https://helm.sh/).

An its compose of the following 3 main repos:

- [x] [le-tf-infra-aws](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws)
- [x] [le-ansible-infra](https://github.com/binbashar/le-ansible-infra)

## Getting Started
:books: See [**How it works**](./how-it-works/index.md) for a whirlwind tour that will get you started.

:books: See [**User guide**](./user-guide/index.md) for a hands on help.

Commit message:

LEWW-70 | updating name from "DevOps Automation Code Library" to "Infrastructure as Code (IaC) library"

docs/welcome.md, after:

---
template: overrides/main.html
---

![binbash-logo](./assets/images/logos/binbash.png "Binbash"){: style="width:250px"}
![binbash-leverage-tf](./assets/images/logos/binbash-leverage.png#right "Leverage"){: style="width:130px"}

# About Leverage

!!! important "What's Leverage?"
    Our focus is on creating reusable, high quality 
    ![leverage-aws](./assets/images/icons/aws-emojipack/General_AWScloud.png "AWS"){: style="width:30px"} 
    Cloud Infrastructure code, such as our
    [**Reference AWS Cloud Solutions Architecture**](how-it-works/index.md) backed by our 
    [**Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Library**](how-it-works/code-library/code-library.md). Because all the code and modules 
    are already built, we can get you up and running **at least 2x faster** :rocket: than a consulting company 
    (:white_check_mark: *typically in just few weeks!*) on top of code that is thoroughly documented, tested, and has been proven in 
    production at dozens of other project deployments.

!!! important "Why Leverage?"
    If you implement the **Binbash Leverage Reference AWS Cloud Solutions Architecture** via our **Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Library** 
    you will get your entire Cloud Native Application Infra in few weeks (depending on your project complexity needs). Leverage will solve your
    entire infrastructure and will grant you complete control of the source code, and of course you'll be able to
    run it without us.
     
    *Implement yourself or we implement it for you!* :muscle:
     
!!! important "Core Features"
    - [x] [**Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Library**](how-it-works/index.md):
        A collection of reusable, tested, production-ready E2E AWS Cloud infrastructure as code solutions, leveraged by
        modules written in: *Terraform, Ansible, Helm charts, Dockerfiles and Makefiles*.

    - [x] [**Reference Architecture**](how-it-works/code-library/code-library.md):
        Designed under optimal configs for the most popular modern web and mobile applications needs.
        Its design is fully based on the 
        [**AWS Well Architected Framework**](https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/support/#aws-well-architected-review).

# Welcome
This is the documentation for the **Leverage Reference Architecture**.

It is built around the [AWS Well Architected Framework](https://aws.amazon.com/architecture/well-architected/)
, using a [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/), [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/) and [Helm](https://helm.sh/).

An its compose of the following 3 main repos:

- [x] [le-tf-infra-aws](https://github.com/binbashar/le-tf-infra-aws)
- [x] [le-ansible-infra](https://github.com/binbashar/le-ansible-infra)

## Getting Started
:books: See [**How it works**](./how-it-works/index.md) for a whirlwind tour that will get you started.

:books: See [**User guide**](./user-guide/index.md) for a hands on help.
